ENH: Make skops.io.dump and load work with TextIOWrapper (#234)
skops-dev/skops: docs/changes.rst

v0.4
----

> - :func:`.io.dump` and :func:`.io.load` now work with :class:`io.TextIOWrapper`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :func:`.io.dump` and :func:`.io.load` now work with file like objects,
```
